W-16132496-CH2-Networking-Guide-LDS (#227)
mulesoft/docs-hosting: cloudhub-2/modules/ROOT/pages/ch2-networking-guide.adoc

> = CloudHub 2.0 Networking Guide

Reviewer: Let's avoid using "guide" in the content. 
Maybe "Networking in CloudHub 2.0" or simply "CloudHub 2.0 Networking"

> This guide covers cloud deployments using CloudHub 2.0. See xref:runtime-manager::deployment-strategies.adoc[Deployment Options] for information about different deployment scenarios.

Reviewer: The short description should summarize (rather than introduce) the topic.

Reviewer: Remove hard-coded link text?

== Basic Networking Architecture Components

> CloudHub 2.0 is MuleSoft's fully managed, containerized integration platform as a service (iPaaS) where you can deploy APIs and integrations as lightweight containers in the cloud so they are maintainable, secure, and scalable. The basic components of CloudHub 2.0 networking architecture are: Load Balancer, Private Spaces, and the Mule replica DNS records.

Reviewer: I sort of expect the next level (H3) to cover these three things.

Reviewer: Is this the only H2-level heading? If so, suggest removing this level because you have a bunch of information in H4s. If you remove this level and put this content in the short description, you can elevate those H4s to H3s.

Reviewer: Do you have an outline (just the headings) of this topic that I can look at?

The basic components of CloudHub 2.0 networking architecture are HTTP Load Balancer, Mule replica DNS records, Private Spaces, and Regional Services.

* <<HTTP Load Balancer>>
* <<DNS Records>>
* <<Private Spaces Configurations>>
* <<Regional Services>> 

image::ch2-networking-architecture-diagram.png[Basic Components of CloudHub 2.0 Networking Architecture]

== HTTP Load Balancer

CloudHub 2.0 provides a load balancing service for all integrations. You can use a default endpoint or provision a custom endpoint with your own certificate.

When you deploy an application to two or more replicas, CloudHub 2.0 provides an HTTP load balancing service that automatically distributes HTTP requests among your assigned replicas.

The CloudHub 2.0 load balancing service performs a round-robin load distribution across application replicas, which provides horizontal scalability. The load balancing service also provides transparent switchover when an application is upgraded. See xref:ch2-update-apps.adoc[].

> Each application deployed to CloudHub 2.0 has both default public and internal DNS records that refer to the load balancer: `<app>.<space-shard>.region.cloudhub.io.` and `<app>.internal-<space-shard>.region.cloudhub.io.`. 

Reviewer 2: add brackets to region as well? like <app>.<space-shard>.<region>.cloudhub.io?

Reviewer 3: Ye the region should be in brackets like `<region>.cloudhub.io.`

Reviewer 3: Do we want to elaborate on what `<app>` means? According to https://docs.mulesoft.com/cloudhub-2/ch2-deploy-private-space#app-name-reqs, it is `<app-name>-<unique-id>`.

> The CloudHub 2.0 load balancing service accepts public traffic on the standard HTTPS port: `443`. You can also choose to accept HTTP traffic on the standard HTTP port: `80`.

Reviewer 3: I believe this comment is exclusive to Private Space. For Shared Space, customer cannot choose to accept port 80.

Author: Add clarification.

=== Mule Application Ports

> Applications must listen on host `0.0.0.0` and port via the reserved property `${http.port}`. You can dynamically allocate the value of this property, but you can't hard-code it.

Reviewer 3: What do we mean by `You can dynamically allocate the value of this property, but you can't hard-code it.`? Can we reword to clarify? What are we allowing the customer to dynamically allocate?

From my understanding, there are 3 options (2 options when using the HTTP Load Balancer).
Option 1: customer can use http.port property.
Option 2: customer can hard code the value 8081 instead of using the property.
Option 3 is not relevant here: can expose TCP port directly, bypassing HTTP Load Balancer.

If customer uses any other port, the request via HTTP Load Balancer will fail.

Author: MuleSof allocates the value of this property, (do not mention hard-coding)

The load balancing service forwards traffic to deployed applications.

=== Upstream HTTPS Traffic

> By default, the load balancing service forwards traffic deployed application over HTTP. To use HTTPS:

Reviewer 4: sentence seems incomplete - traffic "to the" deployed app?

Reviewer 3: ye that sentence needs to be reworded.
Example:
"forwards traffic to a deployed"
"forwards traffic to deployed applications"

* Enable the *Last-Mile Security* setting in the *Ingress* tab of the xref:ch2-deploy-private-space.adoc#configure-endpoint-path[deployment settings]. 

> * Configure the application to listen on HTTPS by providing a certificate in the xref:ps-config-domains.adoc[TLS context] of your private space.

Reviewer 3: I think this statement is wrong regarding the hyperlink we have for TLS context. The hyperlink points to the TLS context configuration for external client to Private Space. Whereas this sentence is talking about last-mile security between, which is something customer needs to configure themselves within the mule app.

Author: We'll get rid of the link.

The following example shows a Mule application configuration that exposes an HTTPS endpoint:

[source,console,linenums]
----
<http:listener-config name="HTTP_Listener_Configuration" protocol="HTTPS" host="0.0.0.0" port="${http.port}" doc:name="HTTP Listener Configuration" >
		<tls:context name="TLS_Context_Custom_Keystore" doc:name="TLS Context">
			<tls:key-store type="jks" path="server.jks" keyPassword="" password="" alias="" />
		</tls:context>
</http:listener-config>
----

=== Load Balancer Connections

> For each request a client makes through the CloudHub 2.0 load balancer `(<app>.<space-id>.region.cloudhub.io)`, the load balancer maintains two connections: one connection between the client and the load balancer, and another connection between the load balancer and the application. For each connection, the load balancer manages a default idle timeout of 300 seconds that is triggered when no data is sent over either connection. If no data is sent or received during this duration, the load balancer closes both connections.

Reviewer 3: Here we say `<space-id>` but previously we said `<space-shard>`. Lets make them consistent. Also the same deal here with region. Needs to be in brackets.

For connections that take longer than 300 seconds to process from either side, handle the processing asynchronously. You can customize the idle timeout value in the *Advanced* tab of your xref:ps-config-advanced.adoc#configure-http-requests-and-read-response-timeout[private space settings] in Runtime Manager, or via the Mule application xref:mule-runtime::global-settings-configuration.adoc[global configurations] of the  xref:mule-runtime::about-mule-configuration.adoc[Mule configuration file].

== DNS Records

The following DNS records are exposed for your CloudHub 2.0 applications:

[cols="2*a"]
|===
|`*.<space-id>.<region>.cloudhub.io`|Applications running inside a private space.
|`<space-id>.<region>.cloudhub.io`|Record pointing to the load balancer. Use this record as the target of a custom domain CNAME.
|`*.internal-<space-id>.<region>.cloudhub.io`|Applications running inside a private space. The IP addresses for this DNS record are accessible only within your xref:ch2-private-space-about.adoc[private spaces]. They cannot be accessed within xref:ch2-shared-space-about.adoc[shared spaces].

> |`internal-<space-id>.<region>.cloudhub.io`|Internal load balancer. Use this record as the target of a custom domain CNAME. The IP addresses for this DNS record are accessible only within your private spaces. They cannot be accessed within shared spaces.

Reviewer 3: The "Use this record as the target of a custom domain CNAME" comment for the last entry (internal load balancer) is wrong. We currently don't support custom domain CNAME for the internal LB. Is that correct?

Reviewer 2: We don't support a vanity domain for private endpoints. But we can still put the internal domain as a target, right?

Author: SME confirmed that it is correct as it is now.

Reviewer 3: Are we planning to have vanity domains for private endpoints released, before we publish this doc?

For the public endpoint scenario:
1. Customer configures example.com
2. They create a CNAME for example.com, which points to the public endpoint for purposes of DNS resolution, to get the IP.
3. When CH2 LB receives the request, it will match the host header example.com against the configured vanity domain (example.com), and it will match.

For the private endpoint scenario:
1. Let say customer sends request to internal.com
2. They have CNAME for internal.com, that points to the private endpoint, and DNS resolution works.
3. But the problem is when CH2 LB receives the request, it will see the host header as internal.com, and it will be unable to match this against any certificate on the CH2 LB, because (currently) we don't support vanity domains for the private endpoint.

Based on my above examples, I don't understand how that statement is valid when we don't support vanity domains for the private endpoint.

|===

== Private Spaces Configurations

The following configurations apply to private spaces only.

=== Application-to-Application Communication

An application communicates with another application via:

* The default public DNS name: `app.sxjsip.aus-s1.cloudhub.io`

> * The default internal DNS name (in private spaces only): `app.internal-sxjsip.aus-s1.cloudhub.io`

Reviewer 3: the "in private spaces only" comment is not correct. It can be used from another app in the same Private Space, but it can also be used by clients that are external to the Private Space, that have a private connection (VPN/TGW) to the Private Space.

* The custom domain name (if configured): `acme.example.com`

> * The cluster local DNS: `app` or `app.envid.svc.cluster.local`

Reviewer 3: Should we include the port number here too "app.envid.svc.cluster.local"?
In the other methods we don't need to include the port because it uses the default 80/443. But when using the cluster local DNS, we need to include the port reference in the request (8081).

Author: Change to: app.envid.svc.cluster.local:8081

> 

Reviewer 3: do we want to mention the TCP nodeport method here as well, and a link to the doc page for it?

> If you use the internal DNS name, traffic remains within the private space network. You can delete or omit the externally exposed endpoint when deploying an application to a private space. In that case, you can use the application's internal endpoint for internal traffic.

Reviewer 3: same as above. Regarding "If you use the internal DNS name, traffic remains within the private space network.", this isn't correct since external clients that have a VPN/TGW to the Private Space can also use this internal DNS name.

> If you use the cluster local endpoint, the traffic doesn't leave the cluster. However, the cluster local endpoint isn't highly available. During some cluster operations such as disaster recovery, the endpoint can be unreachable. The cluster local endpoint allows traffic within the same environment only.

Reviewer 4: What are we referring to when we say 'cluster' here? Can we replace with 'private space' - to avoid exposing details that private space == cluster

> If you use the cluster local endpoint, the traffic doesn't leave the cluster. However, the cluster local endpoint isn't highly available. During some cluster operations such as disaster recovery, the endpoint can be unreachable. The cluster local endpoint allows traffic within the same environment only.

Reviewer 3: "However, the cluster local endpoint isn’t highly available. During some cluster operations such as disaster recovery, the endpoint can be unreachable."

How is this different from using the internal DNS name? Since in this statement we are saying/suggesting that using the internal DNS name is better than using the cluster local endpoint. We will surely get customers asking what are the specific differences so they can make their decision. My personal understanding was using the cluster local endpoint is better (less hops), and customer just lose out on a common log aggregation point (the ingress LB) for audit purposes. 

How is using the cluster local endpoint less highly available compared to using the internal DNS name? Isn't using the internal DNS name the same, because the ingress will be forwarding traffic to the cluster local endpoint anyway.

> If you use the cluster local endpoint, the traffic doesn't leave the cluster. However, the cluster local endpoint isn't highly available. During some cluster operations such as disaster recovery, the endpoint can be unreachable. The cluster local endpoint allows traffic within the same environment only.

Reviewer 3: "The cluster local endpoint allows traffic within the same environment only."

Is this true? Does it work if customer puts the environment ID for the "other" environment in the FQDN?
so app in env1 can call app in env2 using http://app2.env2id.svc.cluster.local:8081?

=== Custom Domain Name

You can apply custom certificates to your private space. CloudHub 2.0 parses the CN and SAN list from the certificate and makes those domains available when deploying applications. 

> Configure either in the public or the internal DNS record to CNAME. For example: 

Reviewer 3: I thought we don't support custom domain name for internal endpoint/DNS record (at least not yet?).

Author: SME confirmed it is correct as it is

Reviewer 2: we don't support private custom domain. but we can still do the CNAME to the internal DNS record, right?

----
*.example.com => sxjsip.aus-s1.cloudhub.io
*.example.com => internal-sxjsip.aus-s1.cloudhub.io
----

=== IP Ranges

> Inbound traffic entering a private space originates from an IP address listed under the *Inbound Static IPs* field of the private network configuration. HTTP connections can inspect the `X-Forwarded-For` header to discover the original client IP address.

Reviewer 3: I think this sentence is wrong. The inbound static IPs are what a client would target to reach their private space. Inbound traffic entering a private space does **NOT** originate from the inbound static IP.

The public DNS target resolves to these inbound static IPs.

Author: We'll remove the whole paragraph for the time being

> Traffic egressing to the internet originates from an IP address listed under the *Outbound Static IPs* field of the private network configuration. The public DNS target and the private DNS target IPs don't change during the lifetime of the private space.

Reviewer 3: I think this sentence is incorrectly associating the **Outbound Static IPs** with the public and private DNS targets. The public DNS target is associated with the inbound static IPs, not outbound static IPs.

Also regarding the changing of IPs during the lifetime of the private space. I know the public IP won't change, but do we have confirmation that the private IP (i.e. the IPs belonging to the NLBs) won't change as well?

Author: Separate paragraphs to fix it

Traffic egressing to a VPN or transit gateway originates from the private space CIDR block.

image::ch2-networking-ip-ranges.png[Inbound and outbound IPs listed in the UI]

Private spaces also leverage several secondary CIDR for internal usage. 

If you use BGP routing protocols, you may see the following additional CIDR blocks being published to your gateway:

----
100.64.0.0/16
100.66.0.0/16
100.67.0.0/16
100.68.0.0/16
----

Because of this, `100.64.0.0/10` is xref:ps-gather-setup-info.adoc#unusable-cidr[not a supported range] for private spaces.

You can filter these prefixes from the route map. For more informationm see https://help.mulesoft.com/s/article/Received-Extra-BGP-routes-from-CloudHub-2-0-VPN[Received Extra BGP routes from CloudHub 2.0 VPN].

You can also indicate a reserved range for your on-prem network when creating your private space. CloudHub 2.0 doesn't use reserved ranges indicated by customers. For more information, see xref:ps-gather-setup-info.adoc#reserved-cidr[Reserved Corporate CIDR].

=== Connections

> Private spaces support two types of connections: Virtual Private Network (VPN) and Transit Gateway (TGW). 

Reviewer 4: Can we include this in the diagram?

> Each Anypoint VPN connection consists of two tunnels that enable you to connect to a single public IP address at a remote location. VPNs are high available if you configure both tunnels on your endpoint. 

Reviewer 3: Typo. Should be "highly available".

> Additionally, CloudHub 2.0 enables you to define redundant VPN connections for additional resiliency. As a managed VPN service, the underlying VPN service is frequently upgraded. Routine maintenance can briefly disable one of the two tunnels of your VPN connection. Your VPN connection automatically fails over to the second tunnel during this time, so access is not interrupted. For this reason, you must configure both tunnels on your endpoint. For more information, see  https://help.mulesoft.com/s/article/Tunnel-Switch-in-an-Anypoint-Dynamic-BGP-VPN-Update[Tunnel Switch in an Anypoint Dynamic (BGP) VPN Update]. 

Reviewer 3: Just noting that this works well with BGP.
But with static routing VPNs, a lot of customers run into problems with high availability.

Author: We don’t want to expose it externally. Leaving as is

> By design, TGW connections are already highly available. Don't create redundant TGW connections. For more information, see xref:ps-tgw-about.adoc[].

Reviewer 4: Could we add here how TGW also enables customers to integrate PrivateLink or Direct Connect with the Transit Gateway

Author: Add: We support Direct Connect with the Transit Gateway.
(Customer can attach Direct Connect to TWG, and use TGW to connect with other VPC to enable PS)

==== Connections between CloudHub and CloudHub 2.0

You can use a xref:ps-create-configure-tgw.adoc[TGW attachment] to connect a dedicated VPC in CloudHub to a CloudHub 2.0 private space. You must apply the attachments independently in CloudHub and CloudHub 2.0.

=== Firewall Rules and Port Access

HTTP Ingress::

By default, ports `443` and `80` are exposed for all external inbound traffic. You can remove or change these ports to restrict inbound traffic.

Non-HTTP Ingress::

By default, no non-http ports are open. You can open a fixed list of TCP ports (30500-32500) to allow non-http traffic to flow to your Mule applications. Those ports are only reachable from within the private space or originated from a VPN or a TGW. For more information about how to allow TCP traffic for your private space, see xref:ch2-deploy-api.adoc[].

Egress:: 

> By default, applications can make outbound connections to any destination and ports. You can change this behavior to restrict egress traffic.

Reviewer 3: Should we drop the "s" here in "to any destination and ports."?

+

> You can remove all ingress and egress rules from and to the internet. In this case, the cluster still functions normally because of the following control measures:

Reviewer 4: Again - should we say 'private space' or 'space' instead of cluster?

> You can remove all ingress and egress rules from and to the internet. In this case, the cluster still functions normally because of the following control measures:

Reviewer 3: "You can remove all ingress and egress rules from and to the internet. In this case, the cluster still functions normally because of the following control measures:"

I think this statement is incorrect. Especially regarding the below bullet point "You can apply egress rules at the application level.".

If customer removes all PS-level egress rules and adds the app-level egress rules, traffic will still fail. When using app-level egress rules, you need to allow the broader traffic at the PS-level and the more specific traffic at the app-level. It is 2 layers of security rules that the traffic goes through. It needs to be allowed by both the app-level and PS-level FW rules.

+
* Anypoint Monitoring ingestion traffic firewall rules are implicitly added to all Mule applications' firewall rules.
* Essential AWS services traffic flows are always allowed from Mule applications.

> * You can apply egress rules at the application level. Fore more information, see xref:ps-config-app-level-egress.adoc[].

Reviewer 3: Typo "Fore".

> * You can remove default route to IGW. However, for the egress firewall rules to work, the destination IPs must be routable.

Reviewer 3: In the Anypoint Platform UI we have "Internet Gateway". I think we should use that here instead of the acronym IGW. Unless we define it.

== Regional Services

The DNS record and the load balancer for your integration may change depending on what region you deploy your applications in. The following table summarizes what DNS records are available for your applications in each region:

> Anypoint Platform for the U.S. control plane covers the following regions:

Reviewer 3: What is the purpose of this section? Are we documenting the different regions? Or are we documenting the different DNS records?

If the latter, should we also include the internal- DNS record?

Author: Add another column for internal DNS:
Example
;
`<app>.internal-<space-id>.usa-e1.cloudhub.io`

= CloudHub 2.0 Networking Architecture

> CloudHub 2.0 is MuleSoft's fully managed, containerized integration platform as a service (iPaaS). It allows you to deploy APIs and integrations as lightweight containers in the cloud, ensuring they’re maintainable, secure, and scalable.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
CloudHub 2.0 is MuleSoft's fully managed, containerized integration platform as a service (iPaaS). Deploy APIs and integrations as lightweight containers in the cloud, ensuring they’re maintainable, secure, and scalable.
```

This document provides relevant information regarding the configuration and administration of CloudHub 2.0 networks, network interfaces, and network services. For information about different deployment scenarios, see xref:runtime-manager::deployment-strategies.adoc[].

> The basic components of CloudHub 2.0 networking architecture are HTTP load balancer, Mule replica DNS records, private spaces, and regional services.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
The basic components of the CloudHub 2.0 networking architecture are an HTTP load balancer, Mule replica DNS records, private spaces, and regional services.
```

* Configure the application to listen on HTTPS by providing a certificate in the TLS context of your private space.

The following example shows a Mule application configuration that exposes an HTTPS endpoint:

[source,console,linenums]
----
<http:listener-config name="HTTP_Listener_Configuration" protocol="HTTPS" host="0.0.0.0" port="${http.port}" doc:name="HTTP Listener Configuration" >
		<tls:context name="TLS_Context_Custom_Keystore" doc:name="TLS Context">
			<tls:key-store type="jks" path="server.jks" keyPassword="" password="" alias="" />
		</tls:context>
</http:listener-config>
----

=== Load Balancer Connections

For each request a client makes through the CloudHub 2.0 load balancer `(<app>.<space-id>.<region>.cloudhub.io)`, the load balancer maintains two connections: one connection between the client and the load balancer, and another connection between the load balancer and the application. For each connection, the load balancer manages a default idle timeout of 300 seconds that is triggered when no data is sent over either connection. If no data is sent or received during this duration, the load balancer closes both connections.

> For connections that take longer than 300 seconds to process from either side, handle the processing asynchronously. You can customize the idle timeout value in the *Advanced* tab of your xref:ps-config-advanced.adoc#configure-http-requests-and-read-response-timeout[private space settings] in Runtime Manager, or via the Mule application xref:mule-runtime::global-settings-configuration.adoc[global configurations] of the  xref:mule-runtime::about-mule-configuration.adoc[Mule configuration file].

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
For connections that take longer than 300 seconds to process from either side, handle the processing asynchronously. You can customize the idle timeout value in the *Advanced* tab of your xref:ps-config-advanced.adoc#configure-http-requests-and-read-response-timeout[private space settings] in Runtime Manager, or via the Mule application xref:mule-runtime::global-settings-configuration.adoc[global configurations] of the xref:mule-runtime::about-mule-configuration.adoc[Mule configuration file].
```

=== Custom Domain Name

You can apply custom certificates to your private space. CloudHub 2.0 parses the CN and SAN lists from the certificate and makes those domains available when deploying applications. 

Configure either in the public or the internal DNS record to CNAME. For example: 

----
*.example.com => sxjsip.aus-s1.cloudhub.io
*.example.com => internal-sxjsip.aus-s1.cloudhub.io
----

=== IP Ranges

Traffic egressing to the internet originates from an IP address listed under the *Outbound Static IPs* field of the private network configuration. 

The public DNS target and the private DNS target IPs don’t change during the lifetime of the private space.

Traffic egressing to a VPN or Transit Gateway (TGW) originates from the private space CIDR block.

image::ch2-networking-ip-ranges.png[Inbound and outbound IPs listed in the UI]

Private spaces also use several secondary CIDR for internally. 

> If you use BGP routing protocols, the following additional CIDR blocks can be published to your gateway:

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
If you use BGP routing protocols, you can publish these CIDR blocks to your gateway:
```

----
100.64.0.0/16
100.66.0.0/16
100.67.0.0/16
100.68.0.0/16
----

Because of this, `100.64.0.0/10` is xref:ps-gather-setup-info.adoc#unusable-cidr[not a supported range] for private spaces.

You can filter these prefixes from the route map. For more information, see https://help.mulesoft.com/s/article/Received-Extra-BGP-routes-from-CloudHub-2-0-VPN[Received Extra BGP routes from CloudHub 2.0 VPN].

You can also indicate a reserved range for your on-prem network upon creating your private space. CloudHub 2.0 doesn’t use reserved ranges indicated by customers. For more information, see xref:ps-gather-setup-info.adoc#reserved-cidr[Reserved Corporate CIDR].

=== Connections

Private spaces support two types of connections: Virtual Private Network (VPN) and Transit Gateway (TGW). 

Each Anypoint VPN connection consists of two tunnels that enable you to connect to a single public IP address at a remote location. VPNs are highly available if you configure both tunnels on your endpoint. 

> Additionally, CloudHub 2.0 enables you to define redundant VPN connections for additional resiliency. As a managed service, the underlying VPN service is often upgraded. Routine maintenance can briefly disable one of the two tunnels of your VPN connection. Your VPN connection automatically fails over to the second tunnel during this time, so access isn’t interrupted. For this reason, you must configure both tunnels on your endpoint. For more information, see  https://help.mulesoft.com/s/article/Tunnel-Switch-in-an-Anypoint-Dynamic-BGP-VPN-Update[Tunnel Switch in an Anypoint Dynamic (BGP) VPN Update]. 

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
Additionally, you can define redundant VPN connections for increased resiliency. As a managed service, the underlying VPN service is often upgraded. Routine maintenance can briefly disable one of the two tunnels of your VPN connection. Your VPN connection automatically fails over to the second tunnel during this time, so access isn’t interrupted. For this reason, you must configure both tunnels on your endpoint. For more information, see  https://help.mulesoft.com/s/article/Tunnel-Switch-in-an-Anypoint-Dynamic-BGP-VPN-Update[Tunnel Switch in an Anypoint Dynamic (BGP) VPN Update]. 
```

By design, TGW connections are highly available. Don’t create redundant TGW connections. For more information, see xref:ps-tgw-about.adoc[].

> CloudHub VPC AWS direct connect connections are deprecated in CloudHub 2.0. Instead, use TGW attachments. When you delete a private space that has a TGW attached, the transit gateway is preserved, and you can reattach it to a different private space.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
CloudHub VPC AWS direct connect connections are deprecated in CloudHub 2.0. Instead, use TGW attachments. If you delete a private space with an attached TGW, the transit gateway is saved, and you can reattach it to a different private space.
```

==== Connections Between CloudHub and CloudHub 2.0

> You can use a xref:ps-create-configure-tgw.adoc[TGW attachment] to connect a dedicated VPC in CloudHub to a CloudHub 2.0 private space. You must apply the attachments independently in CloudHub and CloudHub 2.0.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
Use a xref:ps-create-configure-tgw.adoc[TGW attachment] to connect a dedicated VPC in CloudHub to a CloudHub 2.0 private space. You must apply the attachments independently in CloudHub and CloudHub 2.0.
```
